Well, good morning, good evening, family, wherever you are.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Father.
We give you praise, glory, and honor for all that you've done.
We take this body in the name of Jesus.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Father, for speaking to us tonight.
We thank you, Lord, that the anointing is here to destroy the yoke of bondage upon the people's lives.
We know He could use anybody, but just because He uses you doesn't mean He knows you.
I want to be known by the Father.
I want Him to say, 'I know you.
I'm your friend,' like He talks about my friend Billy.
My friend Billy Burke—I always love the way He talks about him.
I say, 'Father, I thank you that you talk about me the same way, Father, that we would know you.
' We're not glorifying a man, ladies and gentlemen, but I want to know Him.
More importantly, I need Him to know me.
Does He have all of you?
Have you surrendered all to the King?
Have you surrendered all to the Master?
Today, I surrender all.
I surrender all.
All to Thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
It is the yielded; it's the surrender.
He meets you at the place of surrender.
We lift up the body and we thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us.
We thank you, Lord, that you set us free, and you died for us and rose again on the third day, and by your stripes, we're healed today.
If anybody has sickness in their body today—all of you who have sickness—Father, today is their day for their miracle.
Mentally, emotionally, physically, financially, today is the expiration date of the need.
Today is the expiration date of the need, that by His stripes we are healed, and we can do nothing apart from you.
We take this body right now in Jesus' mighty name.
We take the blood and we apply the blood, and we thank you, Lord.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our house, over our finances, and over Diana and me and our marriage—over all of it.
We apply the blood, and I apply the blood over my wife.
I apply the blood.
I thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are encamped around and about us in the name of Jesus.
No weapon formed against us will prosper, and every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
No weapon formed against us will prosper, Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
We take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
We give you all the glory and we give you all the praise, for you've made us adequate by your blood.
You've made us adequate.
We are adequate because He took it all for us.
By Him, only by Him and through Him.
As He is, so are we in this world.
Yep, I like it.
In the name of Jesus, we take it.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Who wants to go tubing?
Tell us in the comment section down below.
Do you want to go tubing?
Anybody want to go tubing?
I don't think they want to go tubing today.
All 5,100 of you want to go tubing today.
Who wants to go tubing?
I don't know.
Some of you want to, right?
I'm teasing with you.
I know you all like doing it.
So, we'll pray for a little bit.
But I have to say this: when I gave you a hug, you smelled really good.
I said, 'Wow.
I want to smell your hair again.
' You've got some good product in there.
Thank you.
Say, 'Brendan, you're being a creeper.
Don't smell your wife's hair.
' Got to have my mango.
I've been really doing good, y'all.
I've been really trying hard today.
I've kept it under one meal and a smoothie so far, all to the glory of God.
I'm determined to obey the Holy Spirit about my health.
You know, everybody knew I was taking testosterone because they did all my lab work and all that.
They said your testosterone is...
the doctor said, 'I've seen women who have had better testosterone than you.
' So I'm doing all that, taking all this, and getting my hormones balanced out and exercising, trying to do all the things that I do.
I told Diana, I said, 'You know, your flesh...
I can't wait to get my glorified body.
' I truly do, because now you've got to balance your estrogen out and...
I'm like, 'Oh my goodness.
' You know, hormones are so important.
But I do feel better since I started doing my creams and all the things the doctors give me.
So men, I encourage you, if you feel sluggish and down, go and have your testosterone tested.
Go to a naturopathic doctor like I went to, and you might have a testosterone level that is lower than a woman's.
It's sad, but it's the truth.
You all need to know that.
I didn't know.
And it was generational, my brother and stuff.
But wow.
They're putting something in our food.
I'm telling you, it's not normal to have testosterone like that.
It's not normal.
So, I'm not going to keep going down this rant, but it's so important we take care of our temples.
There's so much processed stuff with red dyes and all the stuff that Diana is so educated on.
Y'all, this girl is a walking encyclopedia for health.
It's incredible.
I mean, when she starts talking about all the health and all the stuff that's in our foods and all the things she's researching—you know, microplastics and all this other stuff—and I'm like, 'Wow.
' I'm always looking for ways to help, Megan.
So I think all those times of research...
I have a lot of things I came across.
Yeah.
And Billy Burke's wife is that way, too.
Oh yes, Melanie.
She is brilliant.
I do a little health stuff; she's brilliant in health stuff.
Yes.
Melanie Burke is brilliant.
She studies, and Diana always texts me and says, 'What do you think about this?
' and I go, 'Oh, what does the encyclopedia say?
What did she say?
' because she always has so much...
it's like she'll go, and it's like, 'Wow.
' Thank God for people like that.
So we always want to share what the Lord has given us through brilliant people like that and then what Diana's got, you know, even with the breads and the things like that, folks.
It's life-changing when you start eating clean and start doing things that are better for your temple, you know, essential oils and, you know, I talked about that probiotic.
I've got to get to praying.
So let's pray.
All right, we're just going to go tubing.
I always try to deviate and I try to talk about some things, but I don't want to waste y'all's time.
Let's just get right into it and let's just ask the Father to join us because I need Him.
And so, Father, I just thank you, Lord, for the blood, for the angels that watch over us.
Thank you, Lord, that you set us free.
Thank you, Lord, the healing power flows on the inside of us.
Thank you, Lord, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And I thank you, Lord.
If there's anything you want to show me, if there's anything that you want to warn us about, Father, use us.
But if not, we're not here to perform.
We'll just pray for the people and we'll go on our way.
But God, I just feel in my heart, Father, that we're in the end of the end here.
And we could be used greatly, Father, for you to do something great for the end times.
And we can pray and intercede for the nations.
And so, Father, right now, we just love you.
We worship you.
We thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the Potter; we are the clay.
Mold me and make me after Thy will, while I am waiting, yielded and still.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
You are the Potter; we are the clay.
Mold me and make me after Thy will, while I am waiting, yielded and still.
Oh Father, we worship you.
I come alone, Lord.
I come alone.
Oh, Father, we thank you.
Just a closer walk with thee.
Oh Lord, we want to come closer to you today, Father.
We are the vessel; You are the potter, we are the clay.
We have no agenda other than to seek you, find you, and know you more.
All these things try to pull our attention away—emails, work, and the busyness of life—and all the things like grocery shopping that pull us away from you.
Father, we take you with us.
Help us, Father, to involve you in every single thing of our life so that Jesus becomes more real to us than the very air we breathe.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
There's just something about your name: Master, Savior, Jesus.
Like a fragrance after the rain.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, let all heaven and earth proclaim.
Kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about your name.
And he walks with me, and he talks with me, and he tells me I am his own.
And the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
I'm so glad, and the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
Thank you, Father, that we enter that garden alone.
We enter the garden alone and we just sit there.
You said, "Can you just tarry with me one hour?
" We don't fall asleep; we sit at your feet.
Sometimes it is just being quiet and sitting before you.
If I could just sit with you a while, I need you to hold me.
Moment by moment till forever passes by.
Oh Father, if I could just sit with you a while, I need you to hold me.
I need you now, more than I know how, and I humbly bow, hidden in you, Lord.
You are my life, just as long as I am hidden in you.
If I could just sit with you a while.
Oh Father, I feel his presence strong and I'm so grateful.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I'll have no other, for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone.
Here in your arms, I'll always be at rest in the precious love you have for me.
I love you.
Oh, how I love you.
Oh, how I love you, Father.
I thank you, Lord.
We pray over that.
I see Honolulu, Hawaii highlighted before me.
I see those people walking through that mall.
We pray over that shopping mall.
We lift up the people walking in that shopping mall in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against Honolulu will prosper.
We take authority over every demonic assignment that has been sent to try to kill, steal, and destroy.
I plead the blood over that mall in Jesus' name, over the strip, and over any attempt to use a truck or a car as a weapon.
Father, I come against it in the name of Jesus.
We bind that spirit trying to come on that man to kill, steal, and destroy.
We address you by the power of the blood of Jesus.
You will not kill, steal, and destroy over this nation, over Hawaii.
We bind you in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that the blood is over the people.
We call angels of the Lord to camp around them right now in the name of Jesus so that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
We call for children's safety.
I see younger pedestrians; we call protection over them in Jesus' name.
It looks like a Denny's by a McDonald's.
I call for an exposing over the chat rooms and cyber chatter in Jesus' name.
I call for the NSA to go and expose every door, every opportunity, every window.
We call you exposed in the name of Jesus, that every plot and every plan would come to the surface in Jesus' name so that they'll not be able to hide.
They'll not be able to be like these rats in a hole.
Father, I call them out in the name of Jesus.
I call for an uncovering and for the curtain to be opened in Jesus' name so that the NSA, Homeland Security, and the FBI would see it.
Now I see to go back over Orlando.
I call for an exposing of all darkness in Disney World over the Christmas season.
I see the Christmas parade over every park: Epcot, the zoo, Hollywood.
Over every single park, they are highlighted.
We call for an exposing of darkness over every plot and plan concerning the castle.
I see a cruise ship full of people in the Caribbean coast.
It has something to do with Venezuela and retaliation for the smugglers.
I see the drug cartel coming against a Royal Caribbean cruise ship in retaliation for the United States government keeping after these smugglers.
It's the drug mules.
They are going up on the side of this boat and putting a device on it, setting it off and trying to make it look like the Titanic.
They come beside it with their little boats and try to stick this thing on the side of the boat.
It's the drug mules in Venezuela, connected to the Venezuelan government to try to escalate retaliation against the United States government.
This is a Royal Caribbean boat, and they will even try to go against a Carnival boat, causing great fear to affect our economy.
It's some kind of C4 detonated remotely to sink the boat.
I see a big hole.
This is even concerning oil tankers—big boats again—coming against freight and cruise stuff in the Mediterranean, attacking the economy.
This is not just the cartel; this is the Venezuelan government.
He said, "If they try to escalate war against us, we'll attack them where we can.
We're not strong enough to attack the military, but we can come against them to bring fear.
" They are making it look like the cartel, but this is the government.
Watch Cuba in the days ahead.
Watch Cuba.
I see chatter on the phone with Russia and Cuba.
It is like an underground chatter.
They are providing an extension to Cuba with growth coming out of the land for financial freedom from America to get out from underneath the Western boot.
They are still devising a plan, but this is secretive.
Putin.
They even have some underground facility on that island that goes back to the Cuban war.
They have underground bunkers underneath the island at Cuba.
It's at the moment.
It is close now.
It is out of the water's edge.
I see an underground silo in Cuba.
They have things in here.
I see the hazard symbol.
It looks like a device with a yellow hazard symbol on the side of it.
Do you remember what I told you about the purple dragon coming up three times out of the water by Cuba?
I see the symbol of hazardous waste, like a nuclear symbol.
It is yellow and black.
That is what I am seeing on the side of a thing in the underground, and it came from Russia.
They got it from Russia in trade for something.
They are doing something, but it is under the ground in a bunker, in a cave on the island underground.
They are hiding it, but it has little wires and little red antennas on it.
They only have one of them.
That is all they need.
Tell them they must.
Mercy.
Legally.
I hear the word plantains.
Is it a plantain?
We just want you to store it there.
It is great deceit.
London.
I see these islands, but this is like mainland, and they are all highlighted with red, like an EMP.
This is concerning Cuba.
I see those islands and they are red, and it is about England.
Russia is involved in this in retaliation.
There is a device that they are storing in Cuba.
Why do they want to store it in Cuba?
It makes you purple.
I just saw it.
I had a flash of it and it looked purple.
It makes people purple when they die.
Like the girl on Willy Wonka, Violet, who turned her face blue because she ate the blueberry.
That is basically what I am seeing; these people are dead.
Africa is right here.
Up where it curves, there is a place highlighted.
It is a red square.
What is down there?
It starts with an S.
The whole Senegal.
It is in that port right there, the port for the sea.
There is something there.
You see that port, that canal?
The Gambia River.
Readiness.
The bomb.
I see the red-bottomed ship with the black on top, like an oil tanker.
The Lord is saying the bomb is in the body of the boat.
This has to do with Iran smuggling it through here.
This is terrorist activity.
These men are wearing white things on their heads and look like Taliban.
They have black and white specks on their head coverings.
They are wearing camo fatigues.
He has an AK-47 that he is carrying.
He is talking to these African-American men.
There is a money exchange.
I see Israel now, up by Bethlehem.
It is not close to Gaza; it is on the other side.
Syria is over here, highlighted between Jordan and Syria.
Saudi Arabia.
They are regrouping.
You are soon to know.
I see the word Mossad again.
I see Benjamin's face.
The NSA.
In the institution.
In the embassy.
Now I am seeing Zelensky.
His days are numbered.
A mysterious death.
I see a room with a wooden door, like Jason Bourne.
These prostituted women are around him all day, and they are having a party.
They are doing coke on this tray.
There are guards dressed in black with guns outside in the hall.
They're outside in this hall.
They're going to take that man out.
I don't know if I should put that live or not; you know who it is.
A proxy government is coming.
Listen to me: they're going to get so much of Ukraine in exchange for peace if they take him out.
In exchange for Venezuela—parts of Venezuela, not all of it; it's this up here at the front, at the top.
There's a sliver of it.
There are parts of things concerning Venezuela and him to take him out.
You hear me?
Russia doesn't look at him as competent and trustworthy in himself.
That's why they want this, but it's like they want this more.
They want Ukraine more.
Ukraine has more value to them because of where it is; it's old mother Russia.
It's worth more to them than Venezuela.
Ukraine is more valuable to them than Venezuela.
So they look at it and say, 'This is way too much down here for us to occupy anyway.
We don't care.
This is more important for us to take all of that and go back to the original KGB way of thinking, the old Russia.
' You understand?
Poland, the old Russia eventually—Trump's not going to be there forever.
Ukraine is worth more to them than...
what does Ukraine have to offer?
I see it's half Russia, split.
Kyiv is split, all going to Russia.
I see a red line sanctioning off this land to them, getting rid of Zelensky, putting a proxy government in.
It goes from Kyiv over going to Russia, going back into Russia.
I see a land like this, split in the land.
And then they put a man with gray hair in, this new person, a new face.
They're taking him out.
He's a corrupt man.
He's doing drugs and has prostitutes.
They're having big parties in this place, this palace.
There are guards all over the place, but something's about to happen.
It's like Jason Bourne, you understand?
They're bringing in a stable area in their eyes because he is so corrupt with the money—not knowing where the money went.
There's so much money laundering, so much trafficking, and he's with Macron.
This is dirt.
This is bad for Macron all the way down.
I see the trafficking, and we all know about the satanic practices and all this stuff from this businessman.
Macron is bad.
A shadow government, a shadow.
Take it to him.
He's the puppet.
They're about to lose the puppet—the Pinocchio with the long nose, the liar.
They're about to lose the marionette.
He is the puppet.
I see a puppet on the strings again.
It looks like Pinocchio with the red shorts, and they're about to cut the strings.
This man is very addicted to cocaine.
I'm talking bad.
But it's not just cocaine; it's pills.
I see pills and drinks.
It's a little round blue pill.
You will see a regrouping as he cracks his whip.
They will retract and regroup for the Ezekiel 38 and 39 prophecy is about to come through.
A regrouping you will see, and a great acceleration.
You need to pray.
Will you see a provoking of the bear?
That bomb I'm talking about—it's a two-way path.
One goes this way and one goes this way.
This is World War III.
This is a proxy government, taking out this guy and bringing in a new one, giving them the land, and causing a diffusing for a regrouping or retreat versus provoking the bear and an acceleration of World War III.
This involves the Scorpion, Macron, Italy, even the Vatican.
I see the Pope involved in this.
Why is the Pope involved in this?
He's turned his face, and he has his hands, and he's talking, influencing.
The finances of the Catholic Church are in trouble.
They're trying to bring forth the younger generation to establish the Apostolic Church.
I see the money and the smoke coming from the chimney.
This is where you pray over the Vatican.
I see smoke—actual smoke, an attack.
It brings sympathy, camaraderie, a planned black swan.
To bring sympathy and camaraderie.
When you touched 9/11, everybody in America was like, 'You just did this.
' This is what I see.
You touched the mother church, the place, and everybody wakes up—the young people, everybody.
It's camaraderie.
I see a camaraderie in the Catholic Church: 'You struck our main place.
' In this, it brings a new generation: altar boys, altar people.
A new generation brings in new kids, new faith, a new revival to bring life's blood because the young generation is not coming, and the elder generation is going home.
How do we bring them in?
That's a very techy plan.
I see smoke.
But you'll see even more with the Asian community to bring forth the Asians.
Watch even what happens with Notre-Dame, and that's why he's looking towards Macron.
The Pope is very powerful in Europe.
The holy city.
What's the holy city?
Jerusalem.
The opportunist and the Pope.
He'll negotiate even with the third temple and the new day.
For the Pope, the holy city is Vatican City.
This is about negotiations.
This is an attack against the holy city.
But I see him negotiating with Israel in the days ahead.
It's about the two-state solution because I see the Vatican, and when this happens, it brings more influence as he becomes more relevant.
It's almost like how Kanye West does things to keep in the mainstream.
The Catholic Church is losing their relevance, and it brings relevance by putting you in the media and social media, creating a stir in the holy city for Europe.
What I see is this is what will elevate him to be a spokesperson for the third temple and all that's going on with Jerusalem.
Watch what happens.
Watch this.
Watch as he faces Ukraine and all the things going on with this.
It's about Zelensky and bringing in the new proxy government, bringing peace to Ukraine.
It's as Trump cracks his whip.
I see this all panning into Ezekiel 38 and 39.
But it's a fork; you can either pray for this way or go this way.
World War III and this black swan event—it's another race.
It's all over here about the Vatican and the Vatican City concerning Israel and the third temple.
Trump's devising this plan and Macron has this plan.
Trump's plan looks a lot better than Macron's.
I see Macron's plan, and he's connected to England and Italy.
Then you have this plan.
There are two different forks.
Do you understand, ladies and gentlemen, what I'm trying to say?
There are two different paths, two different forks.
Russia is siding with America in this.
And then you have them, and they're all over here.
It forks.
But all of it is about bringing relevance.
It will be about bringing relevance back to the Catholic people and the Catholic Church in the days ahead—more influence to bring in the new generation is what they're thinking.
"How do we bring this in and stir the people back up?
" You punch the brother in the face.
Families are not together until you see one of your friends or relatives get hurt.
"You did what?
" That's what I'm seeing; that's what I keep hearing.
I'm not adding to or taking from; I'm telling you what I'm seeing.
As you see smoke on the side of the building, as you see terror, it brings camaraderie.
He said, "Don't forget this date.
" He's talking about this and remember Benjamin.
Things are about to excel to a higher level; things are about to really kick off.
He says, "Hallelujah.
" Wow.
There's a lot to this tonight, huh?
Don't lose your focus on me for all that you're about to see.
Keep grounded.
Keep your eyes on me.
Stay vertical; don't go horizontal for all that you're about to see.
Much distraction and much theater is about to hit your news day to day.
They would have you spend your afternoons on the news because they are losing their relevance.
ABC, CBS, and NBC are losing their relevance to alternative media like YouTube.
I see they're losing their influence to alternative media, so they're about to create a stir to make you watch them.
Do you understand?
They're trying to bring people back to them.
They've been losing their relevance.
I see NBC, ABC, CBS, and CNN are all going to try to keep your attention.
Ad revenue from many events and political theater will cause much ad revenue.
This is how they manipulate you.
Remember this.
He said, "This is how they manipulate you.
This is how they twist things.
They twist the truth to deceive you.
" Do you understand?
They're losing their foothold.
He says they're losing their foothold, and it's harder to have a great foothold unless you have a media hold.
The greater the media hold, the greater the foothold.
They've used this throughout generations.
That was with the press and papers before.
Before they even had TV, they used papers; it's influence through newspapers.
"Extra, extra!
Read all about it!
" I see the little paper boy out there.
A newspaper brings a media hold.
This is how they did it in World War II and the World Wars.
This is media.
And this is the Rockefellers.
I hear Rockefellers, Illuminati.
This is Satan's old tricks—sleight of hand—but it works.
Watch a crackdown with Facebook; watch a crackdown with freedom of speech more on Facebook.
That's what he said regarding how they did it with COVID, and they say censorship, "this is fake news," and they flag your post.
Watch this more in the days ahead concerning this year's election and 2026.
They're going to come highly against Elon in the days ahead.
Lawsuit after lawsuit you will see to try to dethrone him.
His platform will be exalted—it's going to go up—but they'll try to pull the plug.
Lawsuit after lawsuit, and this is concerning foreign nations in Europe.
Lawsuit after lawsuit will come against Elon and X, banning him from allowing his platform to come inside their nation.
Canada, England, and France are highlighted, and they will try to bring forth control over him.
You hear me?
This is very serious, lover.
I'm seeing this very clearly—trying to take ad revenue from him as they exalt ABC, NBC, and CBS again, trying to take out the alternative with Elon concerning the elections in 2026 and 2028.
This is how they will try to have a new Watergate.
"You do this, and we'll come off you a little bit.
" Do you hear what I'm telling you?
"You do this, and we'll leave you alone.
You have to take out this party.
Help us, and we'll lay off the pressure.
" A new Watergate.
Oh, I'm seeing something so crooked.
Infiltrate and be a rat.
Will he take the bait?
The Lord said, "Will he take the bait?
" You must pray for him.
Don't take the bait.
A rat takes bait, but the rat gets in a trap.
I see Elon Musk's face on a big gray rat's body with a long tail.
He has cheese in his hand.
He looks like a Chuck E.
Cheese rat—the pizza rat.
He's like a gray rat to try to bring relevance again back to them.
They're losing their platform and their audience, and they know it.
They must get a stronghold and a foothold once again.
Fake news is losing their platform, and you're seeing X grow substantially for alternative media.
Even the judges will look for a crackdown on this platform concerning Canada and Australia.
You'll have to talk a certain way for monetization on videos.
"You go our way," they're saying.
I see a finger pointing at you.
They're saying, "You do what we tell you to do or we pull the money from you.
" Great persecution is coming to Canada concerning freedom of speech to get a stronger grip on alternative media.
This is all relating to social ID and a greater platform of the antichrist system.
It's acceleration—2026, 2027, 2028.
Watch these things.
It's concerning Canada and these other nations.
You're so thankful Trump's at the helm.
He'll fight for you.
But it's concerning Europe and these other nations.
We have Trump right now; he'll fight back against this.
But it's the other nations.
He knows what they're going to try to do.
But it's concerning Europe and these other nations.
Watch what is bringing an establishment of the system over the people more with social ID and these other things.
Wow.
Praise God.
Y'all can stick with me a little longer.
He said, 'Don't worry about the people, Brandon.
I'm talking to you.
' I said, 'Yeah, about how long you've been talking,' because I looked at the time.
He said, 'Don't worry about it, Brandon.
They want to go.
I'm trying to tell you something.
' So, we obey you, but they say, 'Forgive me, Lord.
These people, don't they lose track of man?
Lose track of the opinion of man.
Who cares?
They're on the wrong road anyway.
You have to come up beyond.
' And this will be concerning the great Olympics.
Remember I told you to watch the opening ceremony.
There'll be more of a trying to come against it with your food and what you eat—an alternative with this lab-grown meat, trying to come against your meat, trying to come against you having cow.
An alternative protein source is coming in a greater capacity, for they'll plague your cows.
They're going to come against your cows and your cattle industry in America specifically in a greater capacity.
Well, this meat is bad, and I told you to try to push forth an alternative meat.
It's control.
Because if they control the way your food is, the way you feel, and your mental capacity, there's no resistance.
They want to take out the resistance.
It's the same thing we're talking about with testosterone.
The Lord said they keep that—it's to castrate men to make them not stand up against them.
You understand?
You don't want to have a backbone.
It's to take out...
if you take out the head, the man, you take out the warrior to come against them.
They have an agenda, the Lord says.
But they have to take out your media and the way you hear things and how you perceive things.
You don't know the truth between AI and what's true.
They want to come against you with AI and the truth—what's real and what's false, what's artificial and what's real concerning AI—and bring that into your social media.
What's real?
What's false?
I don't know.
There's too much.
It's too real.
It's too false.
Do you understand?
Then to come against you in the media, what you're receiving from them—fake news—to bring confusion over your mind.
If they can break the chain of communication of how you receive things from food and how you receive your news on your social media, it breaks the supply chain down.
Does that make sense?
It breaks the media.
It creates confusion over your minds for the supply chain, and you don't know what to believe anymore because the blind leading the blind.
Then they'll attack the religion with this to bring in the beast system.
It's all about this.
And watch what they do at the Vatican.
You know what I mean?
And that's why I'm raising up great leaders within thee.
You must stay the course.
Stay vertical with me.
That's what he said.
'You must stay the course and stay vertical with me, and I'll give you the news before it's even on the news, and you'll hear the true news source from me.
' But it takes you staying close to me every day.
It's time to grow every day.
Run to me.
As you sit at my throne, Hoping.
It will require more and more every day.
Great confusion is coming.
Great political theater is coming.
I'm warning you ahead of time so that you can prepare, my bride.
The great political theater on every front is coming.
They want to keep you distracted as they take the freedom.
You understand?
Keep you distracted, keep you fighting amongst each other with strife to keep you distracted.
Black Swan events and the Red Dawn experience are all by design.
All this is to keep you distracted while there's sleight of hand.
Black Swan, Red Dawn—what are they doing over here while you're not watching?
Because you're so focused on the media.
You're so focused on what's going on.
What are they doing over here?
This is by design, he says, to keep you distracted from what's going on over here to raise up the beast system.
America has a reprieve; the other nations don't.
What are they doing over here while this is going on in America?
America, pay attention to what's going on around you.
You're distracted.
They're going to bring more distractions.
You understand what I'm saying, love?
And then they'll bring distractions in the Catholic Church.
It's the great church; it has 1.
4 billion people.
Do you understand?
They have to bring this on first.
So, it's so important, all these things he's showing, love.
Lord, oh what a plan.
And I thank you that you tell us again over and over again that we are ready and we're looking at you day by day, keeping our eyes on you, for a great distraction is coming.
Wow.
Diana, I want to retain everything he's saying because I'm telling you y'all, even Elon and the things he's saying about Elon and what they're going to try to do to blackmail him, try to get him to do this—the persecution from these other nations.
I see so much drama concerning Europe and these other nations.
It's very serious, and America.
Thank God for President Trump.
If we had Kamala in there right now, I'm telling y'all, this would be very bad for us.
But even concerning 2026 and 2028, it's interesting because as I saw NBC, ABC, CBS, and all them losing their relevancy, they were trying to bring the people back to them.
They're trying to come up with a plan—it was the devil influencing it.
'How do we bring the people back?
We're losing them to alternative media.
' And they have to attack the source.
The source is this problem.
And I saw lawsuit after lawsuit coming against them in the days ahead for whatever reason.
And I don't know how they would even do it, but it was other nations and it was big money.
It was things coming against him.
But as he was trying to fight it, it's exhausting.
'Like, we're going to block you.
We're not going to allow your platform to monitor because you won't monitor what's being said on yours.
' Facebook was complying and they were doing those fact-checkers.
This censorship was coming up there all the time, like, 'That's false news,' trying to deal with AI.
Zuckerberg is bad news, but very interesting.
I'll be curious what they do because he didn't bring up TikTok.
Did you notice that?
So, will they sell him or what?
But the Lord did not bring up TikTok.
That's interesting.
So, if we go back to what he said over the last week, he's talking about a new industrial revolution with finances, crypto, and all this.
And now he's talking about media trying to get their stronghold and their foothold.
He's talking about the political with the taking out of Zelensky and Russia in a Jason Bourne-type movie.
I saw them walking down with the black thing with some answers and it was done, then they make it look like it...
and then you don't hear about it anymore.
A proxy government comes in, all this stuff.
I saw that happening.
And then I saw a boat coming out of Africa with a man with a black and white hat on, that turban.
He had a dirty thing on it and they were paying those men off.
I saw Cuba putting something down for Russia inside of there, saying, "Hold this for us.
" I saw Venezuela coming against it with their military, against our cruise ships, putting things on the side.
I saw them trying to come against our beef industry to bring alternative meat in alternative cricket burgers and, you know, like 3D printed burgers.
You know what I'm talking about—those gross lab-grown burgers.
But he said it's all about the mind and the mental state of the man trying to take things away.
It's like psychological warfare, and it's CIA; it's psychological warfare.
How do you get people to comply?
You take away their food source, protein.
You take away their testosterone as a man, and you get limp-wristed.
If you can control the man, they don't have fight when you try to implement these laws.
Then you have to bring in media to infiltrate their mind.
So if you can infiltrate their food and their health and you infiltrate their mind by media, they lose their foothold because they want to get a hold of things to overthrow, population control, to be able to bring in the beast system.
So they have to bring in all these, and then they affect your religion.
So if they can control your food, your media, and your health, then they control your religion; they get a hold of you.
And that was what the Lord said: they try to take all these things away, stripping it away from you, freedom of speech, freedom of that.
And he said that's how they're going to implement the beast system.
Then the money with digital ID and the money with digital money, CBDCs.
So it's all a matter of control, like all control.
It's like they're trying to control you.
He said, "This is how they will manipulate you.
This is how they deceive you.
" This is how they manipulate and deceive you.
But it's about religion.
And he said, "The greatest influence is the Catholic Church in Europe.
" He said, "It's not about America so much right now.
Europe is about to go to another level.
" He said, "Watch this.
It's about to double.
It's about to escalate big time in Europe and in Canada and Australia.
" And he said, "Watch this.
You'll thank God in the days ahead.
" He keeps saying that, "You'll thank me in the days ahead that Trump is at the helm.
" Pray for this man for his health, his safety, everything.
And he said a regrouping—you will see a regrouping, a great acceleration.
He said, "You need to pray, pray, pray for the two-way path.
" A two-way path because one was going this way with Macron and the other way was going present.
And it gave a regrouping or gave a peace.
And as they did this, they went and started getting ready for Ezekiel 38 and 39.
But I saw them taking over Kyiv, all this land right here.
And I saw a proxy game there.
And then there were things that happened with Venezuela.
And they didn't care about it because they wanted old Mother Russia back.
It's like an exchange.
But you know, it was interesting.
But as I saw it, America took over the area up here, and they took an area and they were taking over for him because they wanted him gone.
But even Russia was looking at him as a liability, like he's not predictable.
"We don't want him anyway; he's not predictable.
" I could see that Putin was just like, "That guy is a loose cannon.
" You need to cut the strings.
Cut the strings.
Oh, I saw it was Zelensky.
They cut the strings because he was a puppet and he was strung out on drugs, man.
And that's when I saw him having parties with hookers, and they were all partying, and these men were in there and they're doing drugs.
But he had little blue-looking pills—it was a round-looking pill with a line—and he was doing it and he was chasing it down with alcohol in a glass this much and drugs, and it was bad.
And they were in some kind of place with round doors and they had a pool.
And then you saw the Catholic Church finances.
The Catholic finances were in trouble.
He said, "Pray over the Vatican.
" I saw the Catholic finances were in trouble, and they didn't have the money coming in like they used to.
And I saw they were trying to bring a camaraderie again by a black swan event—sympathy and camaraderie.
How do you get people to feel sorry for you and come back to the church?
By an event attacking the motherland.
But as I saw this, I saw Jerusalem being influenced as he got his influence.
He got his influence and as he became relevant again, he started influencing a two-state solution and things like that, trying to bring in a temple and things.
He was more of a vocal piece.
The Catholic Church was losing their relevance.
So he said things are about to kick off to a higher level.
"Don't lose your focus on me for all that you are about to see.
Keep vertical.
" He said, "Do not," because he said, "I'll bring the news to you ahead of time.
Don't look at it, because with the media, you don't know what—" and he said between AI and that, you don't know what the truth is.
Political theater, yeah, political theater.
Wow, that was powerful.
In a shadow government—I've always heard him say proxy shadow government.
It's like influence.
It's very similar.
Thank you, Holy Spirit, for showing us all this tonight.
Thank you for telling us that which is to come for the danger of the dirty thing in Cuba in the ground, in that underground thing.
It started off the malls.
It started the malls in Disney.
Oh, yeah, because I saw them trying to take out Disney again.
And he said, "Pray for this.
" I saw the castle and he said they're going to try to bring fear in the economy, tourism, the boats with tourism, people traveling and having fun, and it makes you not want to go.
It's like—I'm going to tell you this—if what I saw happen on a cruise ship, you couldn't pay me enough bucks to get on one of those.
I mean, for what I just saw, they sunk it like Titanic.
They were not strong enough to fight the military, so they'll come against their economy.
And it was Venezuela's government.
People say, "Well, it's a cartel.
" No, it was the Venezuelan government coming against our economy by attacking our cruise industries and things like that because it was the only way they could figure out how to retaliate against something so powerful, which is very clever on their part, I guess, but it's pretty stupid because it's pretty sad.
Well, like I said, Holy Spirit, thank you.
Thank you for showing us that which is to come.
Thank you for visiting us today and giving us things to pray about, giving us a heads up on things.
And we give you all the glory and honor and praise.
We know that again, Lord, all of you and none of us.
Thank you, Lord.
We're so thankful.
We're so grateful.
And we don't take it for granted at all.
Thank you, Lord, for showing us that which is to come, and we'll keep pushing, Lord.
And we pray for our nations.
There's a lot here to chew on.
We're so grateful, Father.
We're so grateful.
To him be all the glory.
For the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness to us, oh God.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
And everyone say amen and amen.
Well, if you could help us by clicking like, subscribe, and the notification bell.
Do everything you can to help us with the algorithm.
We believe the Lord is raising up through us a million-man and woman prayer army.
If you could be a part of our prayer army, we would greatly appreciate it.
We believe that Jesus Christ is going to change nations through this prayer channel.
As I heard tonight, the Lord said there will be attempts to eliminate what I can say full force and do things, which I'm not worried about the money part of it.
If the Lord ever puts it on your heart—PayPal and all that—I'm not going to worry about all that stuff.
God always provides for us, y'all.
I never ask for a dime.
But when He tells me that kind of stuff, I just say, 'Oh well.
' God's got my back and He's going to take care of Brandon and Diana.
We do thank you for those.
It is so nice when you do things like that for us.
As head of my house, I still thank you all; you're so kind to us.
But it isn't about that.
When the Lord warned about it, it's going to shake a lot of people off YouTube.
I'm telling you, from what I just saw, it's going to happen because you won't be able to say things.
You'll see where their hearts are really at—if they're there for the money or for what the Lord's told them to do.
Because what I just saw—and I'm telling you, I saw them falling—people just abandoning.
When the rubber meets the road, we'll see what happens with folks.
I'm going to stand my ground and say it despite whatever happens.
If they take things away, I don't care.
To God be all the glory.
So, thank you.
But remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you all.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.